---
layout: post
title: "Meet me"
date: 2016-11-01
---
#Meet me
###Name: Kaveri Tanti 
###Age: 24 years 
###Occupation: Master Student of Computer Science at The University of Tokyo 
###Dream Job: An excellent Software Engineer 
###Primary Programming Language: C++

I am an average person in almost everything. I am  a girl with average height, average looks, average grades, average intelligence, average characteristics and average lifestyles. I am okay with being so ordinary in so many things expect one. Being an average programmer hurts a lot. Honestly, programming has been a part of my life from last 8 years. But, I still don't know so many things. I have not created anything using programming. I feel sad when my resumes get rejected at the first round. 
Somehow, I know what is going wrong with me. There are countless reasons for my unsuccessful story, but some major ones are: 

_1. I don’t practice programming every day. There have been times when I got busy with my semester exams or university reports    and I only devoted some few hours to programming in a whole week.

_2. I hardly challenge my selves. I have accounts  on all those major programming contests websites. I check them regularly. I    even try their questions every week. But I seldom go for live contests. I am just scared of doing bad already. 
  
I don't want to saty like this anymore. I want to better. Much Much better. I need to practice every single day and need to challenge myself. I have some very hard goals (some nearly impossible becuase of my current stats).Few of my short them goals are that I need to finish in 6 months: 
  - Make 1 app in each month 
  - Compete at five competition contests in every month. 
  - Come among top 2000 in Google Code Jam 2017
  - (Most Important) Summer Intern 2017 at Google or Line or Microsoft or Yahoo Japan or Amazon or Intel

I am starting this blog for the same purpose. This blog is going to help me to keep me on track. This is a promise to myself that I have to work daily and much harder. This blog will be just like an online dairy. I am going write every day about things I programming or to my research. I hope this will help me. 

